IBX-11481: Product category path loading in tracking events described in Dev-doc (#3183)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v5.0.md

For more information, see [recommendation blocks](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/recommendations/raptor_integration/recommendation_blocks/).

#### Category parameter for product events

You can now configure which product category is sent in tracking events.

By default, the connector uses the first category assigned to a product.

> Since Raptor accepts only a single category value, you can override this behavior and select a different category to be included in tracking events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raptor accepts only a single category value, but you can override this behavior and select a different category to be included in tracking events.
```

This way you describe the limitation and suggest a solution

> Since Raptor accepts only a single category value, you can override this behavior and select a different category to be included in tracking events.

Reviewer 2: I would state the reason for all those rules first:
```suggestion
Raptor accepts only a single category value.
By default, the connector uses the first category assigned to a product.
But you can override this behavior and select a different category to be included in tracking events.
```
